the home under the orders of the great pilot of the south
these are some words that you should know if the Brazilian who wants
say nothing
let's forget his mission is known for his temperament when
we hit the car was very impact well in brazil and portugal more
60 only the secretary faced the
computer today i understand
I think what you are writing now
the east
we will need results
went from room
in exchange the right seller of articles
on the right side
price sets
here in brazil is one of these
I'm from rio de janeiro
when it came back better
the rate at six and a half months
the foreign press
compared to anywhere
we talk a lot and less
we are waiting
I'm a mother
in the semifinal
the problem
on the other hand the relationship of the whole team
where was the promoter
was a director
or better three years later he was director of commercials in portugal dr
created in 2006 and 2007
referring to defeat
according to the defender
shortly after everything you need to know
I'm going to work as a result of here in Portugal.
if we are not expert at speaking in Brazilian the team showed signs
weak
claude heller that if there was this was the first time since July 6
many times things went very well together of parish of cernache coimbra
people do not go to the new rule